<!-- reveiw questions to Submit in today's file firt-lastname.txt -->
<!--
Copy the questions below into the firt-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    semantic markup language, applying tags to refer to your content in css etc. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    html is the structure of the house. It lays down the groundwork for our website.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
goes inside the opening tag and sets the behavior of the element. 
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 tags are used for main titles, they should probably only go on once. 
   
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
img needs src and a needs href
    
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
the title and links to our stylesheets

    7. What is an id? 
lets you reference a part of your html in css, javascript etc. # for id
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
div tags, ul, section, etc

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
 you can put seperate things under the same ID, but you can only create the ID once

    10. What is a class? 
 use " . " for class, class is like id but more specific usually. They could be used interchangeably but seems like most people use class after an id. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    p tags, li tags, 


    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
you can put seperate things under the same class, but you can only create the class once

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    a target=”_blank”

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
screen readers
    15. How do I reference an id?
#
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
mostly no difference, i think of sections as a little broader than a div

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    adding style and colors to our html pages. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id is broader, and I would use classes more specifically within ids

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
 with "."

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p .human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
It would be helpful for when you want a more specific rule to overide a broader one.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
defines a special state of an element such as a mouseover

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height: ;

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing: ;

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
   text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    crtl / or /* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm and you need to be careful because it deletes it forever, and does not prompt to make sure you mean it. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
So you can revert to a working version of your file if anything goes wrong. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Often, whenever a part of your code is complete or you get something working. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
open the github link, fork it, add the TL as collaborator, clone/download, copy the link, open gitbash, go to the proper folder with cd to navigate. then type git clone + paste. then git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create your own branch for it. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element would be within a smaller area, like a span tag. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
     an element that is absolutely positioned is taken out of the flow so other elements are positioned as if it did not exist.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    with the css box model then you could adjust the margins and padding 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    display block by default : <div> <section> <ul>
    display inline by default : <span> <em> <b> 
    display inline-block: button, textarea, input, select

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
    The box model is a set of rules that determine the padding, border, and margin. 
    The box model problem is that  tightly spaced elements are constantly prone to overlapping onto each other.
    The fix is box-sizing: border-box.


   -->